best shoulder excercises

1. Dumbbell shoulder press: This is a great exercise for working your shoulder muscles.


-Sit on the edge of a bench with a dumbbell in each hand, palms facing forward.

-Lift the weights to shoulder height, then press them overhead.

-Pause, then slowly lower the weights back to the starting position.

2. Seated row: This is a great exercise for working your back muscles.


The seated row is a great exercise for working your back muscles. This exercise can be done with a cable machine or a band. To do the exercise, sit with your feet flat on the ground and your knees slightly bent. Hold the cable or band with your palms facing your torso. Slowly pull the cable or band towards your chest, pause, and then slowly release.

3. Lat pulldown: This is a great exercise for working your back muscles.


The lat pulldown is a great exercise for working your back muscles. This exercise can be done with a cable machine or with a band.

To do the lat pulldown with a cable machine, stand in front of the machine and grab the bar with your hands shoulder-width apart.

Pull the bar down to your chest, and squeeze your back muscles at the top of the movement.

Slowly lower the bar back to the starting position.

To do the lat pulldown with a band, tie a band around a sturdy object and stand in front of it.

Grab the band with your hands shoulder-width apart, and pull it down to your chest.

Slowly lower the band back to the starting position.

4. Glute bridge: This is a great exercise for working your glutes.


Lie flat on your back with feet flat on the ground and shoulder-width apart, legs bent to 90 degrees. Drive your heels into the ground, and lift your torso and upper legs into the air, extending your hips until your thighs and torso are in line with each other – hold for two seconds. Slowly lower yourself back to the starting position.

5. Hamstring curl: This is a great exercise for working your hamstrings.


The hamstring curl is a great exercise for working your hamstrings. You can do this exercise with a weight or without a weight. To do this exercise, you will need to place a weight, such as a weight plate, on your lap. Then, you will need to curl your legs up towards your butt. You should feel the contraction in your hamstrings when you do this exercise.

6. Calf raise: This is a great exercise for working your calves.


To do a calf raise, you'll need to stand with your feet hip-width apart and your toes pointing forward. Place your hands on your hips, or hold on to a sturdy object for balance.

Slowly lift your heels off the ground, and squeeze your calf muscles as you lift. Hold for a few seconds, and then lower your heels back to the ground.

Aim to do 12-15 reps. You can also increase the challenge by doing a single-leg calf raise.
